Experimental features:
	- Picking up cards at the end, start or both.
	- Armies as buildings instead of separate entities.
	- Reshuffling 
	- Rename occupy -> capture
	- Rename siege - options: pillage, ransack, conquer, raze, plunder, destroy, decimate
	- Rename army - options: legion, garrison, encampment, barracks
	- Rename walls - options: castle, fortress

Potential buffs for players

	Players use

		Cards - Farm
		Health - Walls
		Other players
			Cards - ?
			Motives - ?
		Attack - Army (Garrison?)
		Defend - Same as walls

Picking up cards, beginning or end of turn?

	For Beginning:
		Beginning, more intuitive
		If you use defend cards, you seem 'limited' at your turn as you have less cards.

	For end:
		You have the whole round to think about what you are going to play next turn.

	Pickup at both beginning and end
		?

	Things to consider:
		IF ALL PLAYERS PICKUP AT THE END OF THEIR TURN:
		People can't guess what is in your hand, because you always have 5 cards.
		Exchanges seem better as everyone has 5 cards to exchange

Hand with redundant cards
	
	- You can choose to reshuffle, but you have to discard your entire hand.
		Yes 
			-Because you have to make a 'choice' whether to sacrifice your entire hand for a new unknown hand (that may be better or worse).
			-Adds more strategical thinking.
		No
			-Adds more rules - overcomplicates.
				-Solution - Quote the rule, without 'explaining' it.
		
	- You can choose to put down the cards, you don't want.
		Yes
			- Add more strategical thinking.
				How? Because it reveals something to the other players about hand (for example, if a certain player is refusing to put down certain cards.
					Redundant because you can still achieve the same goal with the previous solution, if a person refuses to reshuffle their hand,
					regardless of not being able to make any immediate plays.
	In summary, it's flexibility vs strategy. The strategy is that is it worth keeping a good card or should you free your hand?

Spell Tower (Spelltower?) yes or no

	Yes
		Fun to unlock something new
		Better for strategy somehow

	No
		Once you get it, all the other spell tower cards are useless.
			Give spell towers another buff?
				Spell tower owner can use 2, everyone else uses 1
		
		Freezes spell cards


Feeling 'stuck' with cards

	Trading cards for something ???
		Trade attack cards for spell cards.

	Increase the amount of spell towers.

	You can 'recycle' cards at the end of your turn.
		Concerns
			Deck needs to be reshuffled
				Why?
					People will know what cards will be next
						How will people know what the next 50 cards are?
						How will people know which card each player put down?
							"I have so many spell cards"
								What if they are lying, or are they just an idiot
						They put the same cards down in that order
							What if the next player picks up the cards in that order
								Why is that bad?
									Assuming the person who put down the cards meant that their cards were bad
										What makes the cards bad
											Why do you wanna reshuffle the cards?
												You were not able to use them at the time
													When the next player picks up your cards, they will be able to use them
														Why? Spell towers are always available
															What if a player doesnt want to put down a spell tower
																Why would they do that
																	Because they know the other player has a spell and doesnt want them to use it


	Combine army and buildings into one
	Yes
		Simplifies
		More intuitive
	Name for army:
		Retain army
		Change to garrison
	
	Solution:
	Army is now classed as a building:
		No longer:
			Corrupt: Steal an army from play
	Increase building count
		Yes
			Building are fun to use
		No
			Complicates by making the game harder to track - Potential solutions:
				- Limits player to one of each type of building
					Yes
						Makes it so that the game is easier to follow
					No
						Makes the game less enjoyable by restricting player's abilities

	Decrease number of cards related to buildings
	
	Make 'army' things related to armies only: for example, lifesteal.


Change name of castle to wall
	Yes
		Wall seems more intuitive to me
	No
		Its like when you castle a king






Maximum amount of cards in hand
	Needs to be odd number
	5 because 7 is too much


Word for reshuffle
	- resuffle stays reshuffle

Defend cards can defend from any attack
	- a stupid thing to create an issue
